[docs] Change imports from @material-ui/styles to @material-ui/core/styles (#17447)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/styles/basics/basics.md

{{"demo": "pages/styles/basics/StressTest.js"}}

## @material-ui/core/styles vs @material-ui/styles

Material-UI's styles are powered by the [@material-ui/styles](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@material-ui/styles) package, (built with JSS).
This solution is [isolated](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@material-ui/styles). It doesn't have a default theme, and can be used to style React applications that are not using Material-UI components.

>  To reduce the number of packages required when used with Material-UI, and to simplify the imports, `@material-ui/styles` modules are re-exported from `@material-ui/core/styles`. To remove the need to systematically supply a theme, the default Material-UI theme is applied to `makeStyles`, `styled`, and `withStyles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To reduce the number of packages required when using Material-UI, `@material-ui/styles` modules are re-exported from `@material-ui/core/styles`. To remove the need to systematically supply a theme, the default Material-UI theme is applied to `makeStyles`, `styled`, and `withStyles`.
```

Reviewer 2: When what is used with Material-UI ?

Reviewer 2: When what is used with Material-UI?
